PROJECT PATCH — PHASE 3.6 SKIP STATE CONSISTENCY FIX

This patch fixes a bug where pressing Skip Pack during the card reveal process can cause the skip summary to display a question mark placeholder.

This occurs when the reveal state and pack result state become out of sync.

The skip summary must always display the true pack results.

---

CRITICAL RULE

Do NOT modify:

engine logic  
RNG system  
pity system  
pack slot probabilities  
Monte Carlo simulation

Only modify overlay reveal state handling.

---

PROBLEM

When the user presses Skip Pack while a card is currently revealed but the reveal index has not advanced yet, the system attempts to build the summary using the "remaining cards" slice.

This causes unrevealed placeholder cards ("?") to appear.

Example incorrect behavior:

C  
C  
C  
?  
C

The question mark appears because the UI is referencing reveal state instead of pack result state.

---

GOAL

Ensure the skip summary always displays the complete pack results.

The summary must use the pack's stored card results, not the reveal progression state.

---

CHANGE 1 — USE FULL PACK DATA

When Skip Pack is pressed, build the summary using the full pack results array.

Example concept:

packResults = full list of cards generated when pack opened

skip summary should render:

packResults

not:

cards.slice(currentRevealIndex)

---

CHANGE 2 — IGNORE REVEAL INDEX

The skip logic should ignore the current reveal position.

Even if the user has already revealed some cards, the summary must display all cards from the pack.

Pseudo logic:

onSkipPressed():

disable reveal interaction

render summary using full packResults array

---

CHANGE 3 — CLEAR PLACEHOLDER STATE

Before rendering the summary, ensure no placeholder state remains.

Remove any references to:

"?" placeholder card

The summary should never contain placeholder cards.

---

CHANGE 4 — LOCK REVEAL STATE

Once skip is pressed:

disable swipe reveal  
disable card flip interaction

Only the summary should be visible.

---

EXPECTED RESULT

If a user presses Skip Pack at any point during the reveal process:

• the skip summary displays the true pack results  
• no question mark placeholder appears  
• the summary shows all five cards correctly  

Example:

[C] [C] [C] [R] [C]

The overlay should behave consistently regardless of when Skip Pack is pressed.

END PATCH